Add StarRocks connector (#17330)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/starrocks.md

To configure the StarRocks connector, create a catalog properties file in
`etc/catalog` named, for example, `example.properties`, to mount the StarRocks
connector as the `starrocks` catalog. Create the file with the following contents,
replacing the connection properties as appropriate for your setup:

```text
connector.name=starrocks
connection-url=jdbc:mysql://example.net:9030
connection-user=root
connection-password=secret
```

StarRocks compatible with MySQL protocols, allow connect the server through MySQL JDBC driver.
The `connection-url` defines the connection information and parameters to pass
to the MySQL JDBC driver. The supported parameters for the URL are
available in the [MySQL Developer Guide](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-j/8.0/en/connector-j-reference-configuration-properties.html).
Some parameters can have adverse effects on the connector behavior or not work with the connector.

The `connection-user` and `connection-password` are typically required and
determine the user credentials for the connection, often a service user. You can
use :doc:`secrets </security/secrets>` to avoid actual values in the catalog
properties files.

### Multiple StarRocks servers

> You can have as many catalogs as you need, so if you have additional
> StarRocks servers, simply add another properties file to `etc/catalog`
> with a different name, making sure it ends in `.properties`. For
> example, if you name the property file `sales.properties`, Trino
> creates a catalog named `sales` using the configured connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to multiple StarRocks servers, add another properties file to `etc/catalog` with a different name, for example, `starrocks.properties` to add the catalog `starrocks` for the second StarRocks instance. 
```

```{include} jdbc-common-configurations.fragment
```

```{include} jdbc-domain-compaction-threshold.fragment
```

```{include} jdbc-procedures.fragment
```

```{include} jdbc-case-insensitive-matching.fragment
```

```{include} non-transactional-insert.fragment
```

## Table properties

Table property usage example:

```
    CREATE TABLE example.test (
      id bigint,
      name varchar(128),
      age bigint,
      logdate date
    )
    WITH (
      distribution_desc = ARRAY['id', 'name']
      engine = 'OLAP',
      replication = 4
    );
```

> The following are supported StarRocks table properties from [StarRocks sql reference - create table](https://docs.starrocks.io/en-us/latest/sql-reference/sql-statements/data-definition/CREATE%20TABLE)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StarRocks supports these [create table properties](https://docs.starrocks.io/en-us/latest/sql-reference/sql-statements/data-definition/CREATE%20TABLE)_.
```

```{eval-rst}
.. list-table::
    :widths: 30, 10, 100
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Property name
      - Required
      - Description
    * - ``distribution_desc``
      - No
      - ``The distribution key of the table, can chose multi columns as the table distribution key, the FLOAT and DOUBLE type can not be defined as part of the distribution keys.``
    * - ``engine``
      - No
      - ``The engine type of the table``
    * - ``replication_num``
      - No
      - ``The number of replicas in the specified partition. Default number: 3``
```

### distribution_desc

> This is a list of columns to be used as the table's distribution key, the column type can not be FLOAT or DOUBLE. If not specified,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list of columns to be used as the table's distribution key, the column type can not be `FLOAT` or `DOUBLE`. If not specified,
```

Trino will chose first column exists in the table definition as the distribution key.

(starrocks-type-mapping)=

### Type mapping

> The following are supported StarRocks data types from `<https://docs.starrocks.io/en-us/latest/sql-reference/sql-statements/data-types/TINYINT>`_

Reviewer: StarRocks supports these data types `<https://docs.starrocks.io/en-us/latest/sql-reference/sql-statements/data-types>`_.

    - notes
  * - ``BOOLEAN``
    - ``BOOLEAN``
    - Possible values: ``TRUE`` and ``FALSE``
  * - ``TINYINT``
    - ``TINYINT``
    - Possible values: ``-128``, ``127``, etc.
  * - ``SMALLINT``
    - ``SMALLINT``
    - Possible values: ``-32768``, ``32767``, etc.
  * - ``INT``
    - ``INTEGER``
    - Possible values: ``-2147483648``, ``2147483647``, etc.
  * - ``BIGINT``
    - ``BIGINT``
    - Possible values: ``-9223372036854775808``, ``9223372036854775807``, etc.
  * - ``DECIMAL(p,s)``
    - ``DECIMAL(p,s)``
    - The range of p is [1,38], and the range of S is [0, p]. The default value of s is 0.
  * - ``DOUBLE``
    - ``DOUBLE``
    - Possible values: ``3.14``, ``-10.24``, etc.
  * - ``FLOAT``
    - ``REAL```
    - Possible values: ``3.14``, ``-10.24``, etc.
  * - ``CHAR(n)``
    - ``CHAR(n)``
    - Length n must between 1 and 255, unit is bytes Possible values: ``hello``, ``Trino``, etc.
  * - ``VARCHAR(n)``
    - ``VARCHAR(n)``
    - Length n must between 1 and 1048576, unit is bytes. Possible values: ``hello``, ``Trino``, etc.
  * - ``DATE``
    - ``DATE``
    - ``1972-01-01``, ``2021-07-15``, etc.
```

No other types are supported.

## Querying StarRocks

> The StarRocks connector provides a schema for every StarRocks *database*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The StarRocks connector provides a schema for every StarRocks database.
```
